hey guys what's up right here um I got
another video of you yesterday it's
actually so tutorial I'm going to show
you guys um how do you like do a
blinking effect before you shoot it's
pretty cool alright so first off you
want to open your clip I'm sorry if this
magnifying thing is bothering you but
just doing it for people that have bad
eyesight let's just do the clip that we
had last time alright so now you want to
find a spot where you shoot that you
want to blink before you shoot
I just do this one
a couple of rooms back alright so now
once you find your spot you want to
press s which will split it and just
zoom in on it ok so now you want to just
pull a little bit and go up next to it
take that and you want to press s again
and pull a bit more and go up to once
again press s again and then you pull it
out and it look like this oh yeah and
you might want to do it a little bit
more so s s where's ok s and then pull
it out you just don't want it to be
attached to any of these
ok now let's see a preview it'll be like
that ok
it does kind of screw up the audio but
you know still looks good wait oh you
could actually um okay right click on
the clip that you like you um split
press remove from so now you can move
this audio around so you just want to
move it back so it doesn't really screw
it up so once again right click go to
group and then come over here go down to
wait whoops group put a remove from so
now you just want to grab it and move it
over this way got this one move it over
ok now you right click again on your
clip or on your like your third cut
group remove from then you just want to
drag down you okay now that's not a lot
better to see there we go
and I did it on the end to its laggy all
right well yeah guys that's it for me
today guys on rate comment subscribe and
there'll be more tutorials later on
peace